docs: step by step part 2 (#421)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/2_step_by_step/2_7_get_tuned_model.md

# Retrieve tuned model

Perfect!
Now you have started the fine-tuning job in the cloud.

> However, fine-tuning takes time,
> it highly depends on the size of your training data, evaluation data and other hyper-parameters.
> 
> Once fine-tuning is completed,
> you can get the tuned model with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, fine-tuning takes time. It highly depends on the size of your training data, evaluation data and other hyper-parameters. Because of this, you might have to close the session and reconnect to it several times.

In the following example, we show how to connect to an existing run and download a tuned model:```

Reviewer: to give some context about reconnecting..

# Retrieve tuned model

Perfect!
Now you have started the fine-tuning job in the cloud.

> However, fine-tuning take times,

Reviewer 2: takes time

it highly depends on the size of your training data, evaluation data and other hyper-parameters.

> Once fine-tuning is ready,

Reviewer 3: Once fine-tuning has completed,

you can get the tuned model with:

```python
import finetuner
from docarray import DocumentArray

finetuner.login()

train_data = DocumentArray(...)

run = finetuner.fit(
    model='efficientnet_b0',
    train_data=train_data,

> )

Reviewer: And if we have an example with non-default experiment above, let's show here how developers can reconnect to finetuner and retrieve the run (since this will happen quite frequently).

```python
experiment = finetuner.get_experiment('finetune-flickr-dataset')
run = experiment.get_run('finetune-flickr-dataset-efficientnet-1')
```

# get the training status and logs

> print(f'Run status: {run.status}')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(f'Run status: {run.status()}')
```

print(f'Run logs: {run.logs()}')
# save the model into your local directory
run.save_model('.')
```

If the fine-tuning finished,
you can see this in the terminal:

```bash
🔐 Successfully login to Jina Ecosystem!

> Run status: Finished

Reviewer 2: uppercase right?

finetuner.login()

train_data = DocumentArray(...)

run = finetuner.fit(
    model='efficientnet_b0',
    train_data=train_data,
)

# get the training status and logs
print(f'Run status: {run.status()}')
print(f'Run logs: {run.logs()}')
# save the model into your local directory
run.save_model('.')
```

If the fine-tuning finished,
you can see this in the terminal:

```bash
🔐 Successfully login to Jina Ecosystem!
Run status: FINISHED
Run logs:

  Training [2/2] ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 50/50 0:00:00 0:01:08 • loss: 0.050
[09:13:23] INFO     [__main__] Done ✨                           __main__.py:214
           INFO     [__main__] Saving fine-tuned models ...      __main__.py:217
           INFO     [__main__] Saving model 'model' in           __main__.py:228
                    /usr/src/app/tuned-models/model ...                         
           INFO     [__main__] Pushing saved model to Hubble ... __main__.py:232
[09:13:54] INFO     [__main__] Pushed model artifact ID:         __main__.py:238
                    '62972acb5de25a53fdbfcecc'                                  
           INFO     [__main__] Finished 🚀                       __main__.py:240```
```

> If you need to reconnect to an old `Experiment` or `Run`,

Reviewer: I would say "existing" instead of "old"

> consider use:

Reviewer: "consider using"
or maybe "here's how you do it:"

```python
import finetuner

# connect to an experiment.
experiment = finetuner.get_experiment('finetune-flickr-dataset')
# connect to a run.
run = experiment.get_run('finetune-flickr-dataset-efficientnet-1')

> ```

Reviewer: To make this section simpler, my suggestion is to integrate this part with the above **Retrieve tuned model** section by replacing 
```python
run = finetuner.fit(
    model='efficientnet_b0',
    train_data=train_data,
)
```
with
```python
# connect to an experiment.
experiment = finetuner.get_experiment('finetune-flickr-dataset')
# connect to a run.
run = experiment.get_run('finetune-flickr-dataset-efficientnet-1')
```

This way we can show reconnecting to an existing run & retrieving the model in one example. 

Or if you prefer having them separately, which also seems like a good idea to me, we need to add `finetuner.login()` to this snippet.

Author: indeed, make sense
